Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cpe457-lab-11-network-protocols
<br>
<strong>Lab Description: </strong>When performing reverse engineering activities, it often required to view network communication to gain a better understanding of your target software. This lab will focus on analyzing application-layer protocols through PCAP files.

<strong>Lab Environment: </strong>Students will need to be able to run the latest version of Wireshark to analyze the lab PCAP files.

<strong>Lab Files that are Needed: </strong>The provided PCAP files associated with this lab:

<ul>

 <li>pcap</li>

 <li>pcap</li>

 <li>pcap</li>

</ul>




<strong>Answer the Following Questions</strong>

The following network traffic was generated from a sample of CryptoLocker, which utilized a domain-generation algorithm (DGA). Provide detailed answers to the following question, utilize <em>dns.pcap </em>for this section. Your goal is to understand what protocols this malware used and how it utilized them.

<ul>

 <li>What protocols did this malware use? List them and provide discussion about the relevance of each one.</li>

 <li>How many DNS queries did this malware generate?</li>

 <li>What <em>user-agent </em>string did the malware use when making HTTP requests? What is the significance of this?</li>

 <li>This malware is attempting to establish connection with a command and control node, was it able to do that? Support your answer with specific evidence from the PCAP file.</li>

</ul>

The following network traffic was generated by a malicious Microsoft Word document and used to gain an initial foothold onto a system. Your goal is to analyze how the malware used application layer protocols to further it’s attack. Use <em>http.pcap </em>for this section.

<ul>

 <li>What domain was used in this attack? What was the IP address returned from the query?</li>

 <li>What resource was requested from the malware? This is the first HTTP request that was made. What was provided as a response?</li>

</ul>

The following network traffic utilized an application layer protocol. Your goal is to understand what happened based off of the network traffic. Use <em>unk.pcap </em>for this section.

<ul>

 <li>What protocol was captured in this PCAP?</li>

 <li>What port was used for this session?</li>

 <li>What was the username/password used to authenticate?</li>

 <li>What did the user do?</li>

</ul>


